update persistence default to localstorage+cookie (#8311)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/js/index.mdx

If you want to change how PostHog stores this information, you can do so with the `persistence` configuration option:

> - `persistence: "localStorage+cookie"` (default): Stores user's distinct ID in a cookie and everything else in the browser's <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage" target="_blank">`localStorage`</a>.

Reviewer: looking on posthog.com

we have `{"distinct_id":"PqMBBFBfKo638PwvjCWTSZ6dnswYzJ3RtH8VIHCBWAy","$sesid":[1713543186224,"018ef721-f332-7f12-85d0-9def8ccfd0fd",1713543181106],"$epp":true}`

so, it's 

 * distinct id, 
 * session id (with start time and last activity time) 
 * and $epp 🤷

Reviewer: ah `export declare const ENABLE_PERSON_PROCESSING = "$epp";`

> - `persistence: "localStorage+cookie"` (default): Stores user's distinct ID in a cookie and everything else in the browser's <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage" target="_blank">`localStorage`</a>.

Author: ```suggestion
- `persistence: "localStorage+cookie"` (default): Limited things are stored in the cookie such as the distinctID and the sessionID, and everything else in the browser's <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage" target="_blank">`localStorage`</a>.
```
